This is the solutions video for the Linear Mapping Lab demonstrating that
a vector transformation can also be achieved by matrix multiplication.
In the coding section of this lab,
we've replaced none by the NumPy function, matmul,
where the first input argument is matrix ij,
the second input argument is vector v. Then,
we've marked this task as done.
To save our code, we click on the save icon.
When we run our code,
our results here should match the expected results that we find down here.
To run the code, we select Kernel,
Restart and Run All.
Finally, we compare our transform vector v,
here, with our expected solution here.
We see that they match,
so we know we've coded everything correctly.
This completes this section of the lab.